Require minimum of CUDA 12.2 in RAPIDS 25.12 (#689)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0054.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 48 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "Deprecation announcement for Dropping CUDA minimum version from 12.0 to 12.2 in v25.12"
notice_author: RAPIDS Ops
notice_status: "Yellow"
notice_status_color: green
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v25.12"
notice_created: 2025-09-29
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2025-09-29
---

## Overview

> RAPIDS is raising the minimum required CUDA version for the entire software suite from 12.0 to 12.1 starting with the v25.12 release.  All of RAPIDS will require a minimum of CUDA 12.2 including containers, all published packages (wheels and conda), and compilation from source in Release `v25.12`, scheduled for December 11, 2025. `v25.12` will be the last RAPIDS release to support CUDA 11 runtimes in any format. We are continuing support for CUDA 12.1, 12.9 and 12.13 containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAPIDS is raising the minimum required CUDA version for the entire software suite from 12.0 to 12.2 starting with the v25.12 release.
All of RAPIDS will require a minimum of CUDA 12.2 including containers, all published packages (wheels and conda), and compilation from source in Release `v25.12`, scheduled for December 11, 2025.
`v25.10` will be the last RAPIDS release to support CUDA 12.0 and 12.1 runtimes in any format.
We are continuing support for CUDA 12 and 13 containers, with CUDA major version tags. See [RSN 53](https://docs.rapids.ai/notices/rsn0053/) for more information.
```

## Impact

Effective RAPIDS `v25.12` release, RAPIDS will cease distribution of CUDA 12.0 release artifacts, including containers and all our published packages (wheels and conda), and will not support compilation from source with CUDA 12.0.
RAPIDS will support CUDA 12.2 12.9 and 12.3 Docker containers.

> Users who still wish to use CUDA 11 may pin to RAPIDS `v25.10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Effective RAPIDS `v25.12` release, RAPIDS will require CUDA 12.2, including containers and all our published packages (wheels and conda), and will not support compilation from source with CUDA 12.0.
Users who still wish to use CUDA 12.0 may pin to RAPIDS `v25.10`.
```
